Mtm 47905 add more context help (#691)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/device-management-bundle/monitoring-and-controlling-devices.md

  By clicking one of the buttons at the top, the corresponding section will be hidden. Click it once more to make the section visible again. Within each section, the alarms are sorted by their occurrence, displaying the most recent alarm first."
  label: single-operations
  title: Single operations

>   content: "Using operations, you can control devices remotely. **Single operations** show all operations executed on a single device.

Author: ```suggestion
  content: "Using operations, you can control devices remotely. **Single operations** show all operations executed on a single device.
  
```

  By clicking one of the buttons at the top, the corresponding section will be hidden. Click it once more to make the section visible again. Within each section, the alarms are sorted by their occurrence, displaying the most recent alarm first."
  label: single-operations
  title: Single operations
  content: "Using operations, you can control devices remotely. **Single operations** show all operations executed on a single device.
  

  Single operations can have one of the following four statuses: PENDING, EXECUTED, SUCCESSFUL, FAILED. For each operation, the name, status, and device is provided. Clicking the device leads you to the detailed view of the particular device."
  -label: bulk-operations
  title: Bulk operations
  content: "**Bulk operations** are single operations executed on a set of devices.

  Bulk operations have an operation type, for example "Software update" or "Firmware update", and one of the following statuses: SCHEDULED, EXECUTING, CANCELED, COMPLETED WITH FAILURES, COMPLETED SUCCESSFULLY.

>   You may filter the list of bulk operations for type, status or date. Click the arrow button at the right of a bulk operation to see its details."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The filter options for the list of bulk operations are type, status or date. Click the arrow button at the right of a bulk operation to see its details."
```

Author: You can filter for specific parameters. To say that the filter options are "type", date" etc. sounds not 100% correct to me. What is your take @rssag ?

Reviewer 2: hm... i agree, but "you can" > "you may"

Reviewer: Both (can as well as may) should be avoided, however, IMO "can" is the better of the two evils. 

An option could be: You can filter for ....

Author: Has already been changed to "can" some time ago.

>   You may filter the list of bulk operations for type, status or date. Click the arrow button at the right of a bulk operation to see its details."

Author: ```suggestion
  You can filter the list of bulk operations for type, status or date. Click the arrow button at the right of a bulk operation to see its details."
```
